Fixed Issue 3650 (#5533)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/pipeline/tour/hello-world.adoc

To get started quickly with Pipeline:

> . Install the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/docker-plugin/[Docker Plugin] through the *Manage Jenkins > Manage Plugins* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/docker-woirkflow/[Docker Pipeline] plugin through the *Manage Jenkins > Manage Plugins* page.
```

. After installing the plugin, restart Jenkins so that plugin is ready to use.
. Copy one of the <<examples, examples below>> into your repository and name it `Jenkinsfile`
. Click the *New Item* menu within Jenkins
image:pipeline/classic-ui-left-column.png[alt="Classic UI left column",width=40%]

> . Provide a name for your new item (e.g. *My-Pipeline*) and select *Pipeline*. Click *Ok* to proceed further.
> . In the Pipeline section, copy and paste the simple Pipeline example with various languages from the *Quick Start Examples" section below.

Reviewer: This change alters the purpose of the tutorial significantly.  It switches the tutorial from showing the user how to store their Pipeline definition in a git repository to instead store their Pipeline inside Jenkins.  I think that's a larger change than we want to make to the tutorial.
```suggestion
. Provide a name for your new item (e.g. *My-Pipeline*) and select *Multibranch Pipeline*
. Click the *Add Source* button, choose the type of repository you want to use and fill in the details.
```

. Copy one of the <<examples, examples below>> into your repository and name it `Jenkinsfile`
. Click the *New Item* menu within Jenkins
image:pipeline/classic-ui-left-column.png[alt="Classic UI left column",width=40%]

> . Install the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/docker-plugin/[Docker Plugin] through the *Manage Jenkins > Manage Plugins* view, available to administrators of a Jenkins environment.

Author: Updated PR. Please check again.

Note that plugin comment has not been updated as I couldn't test on my local using "Docker Workflow" plugin. As an end-user, Docker pipeline plugin is available in search and it works.

---
**link:../running-multiple-steps[Continue to "Running multiple steps"]**

== Additional Resources

> This video provides basic instructions on how to write both Declarative and Scripted Pipelines. You can refer the detailed instructions on link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/[Getting Started with Pipeline].

Author: Updated the PR with review comments. Please check.

---
**link:../running-multiple-steps[Continue to "Running multiple steps"]**

> == Additional Resources
> . This video provides basic instructions on how to write both Declarative and Scripted Pipelines.
> . See more detailed instructions on link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/[Getting Started with Pipeline].
> . A video on writing a pipeline script in Jenkins:
> 
> video::TiTrcFEsj7A[youtube,width=800,height=420]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Additional Resources

* See more detailed instructions on link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/[Getting Started with Pipeline]
* Review other link:/doc/tutorials/#pipeline[Pipeline tutorials]

. How to Write a Pipeline Script in Jenkins
video::TiTrcFEsj7A[youtube,width=800,height=420]
```

---
**link:../running-multiple-steps[Continue to "Running multiple steps"]**

== Additional Resources

* See more detailed instructions on link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/[Getting Started with Pipeline]
* Review other link:/doc/tutorials/#pipeline[Pipeline tutorials]

> .How to Write a Pipeline Script in Jenkins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.How to Write a Pipeline Script in Jenkins

```

> . How to Write a Pipeline Script in Jenkins

Reviewer: That extra space character matters...
```suggestion
.How to Write a Pipeline Script in Jenkins
```

Author: Thanks - will keep that in mind.
